# new-amux issues

# Engines

ENG-1: An agent container being detected as stuck STILL does not trigger yolo countdown properly when running `exec workflow --yolo`. As soon as the container becomes stuck, it should trigger the yolo countdown. If `--yolo` was not passed, the WCB should be shown when the container gets detected as stuck. The frontend and workflow engine MUST collaborate to make this feature work properly, it is a key component of amux. Fix it. Currently, the yolo countdown ONLY runs after the current step's container exits. That is WRONG. It should start when the container becomes STUCK or when it EXITS. BOTH of those are valid reasons to start the yolo countdown.

ENG-2: The init engine falsely claims there is an existing aspec/ folder when there is not. Also, aspec folder should only be a concern when `--aspec` is passed to `amux init`. Ensure all handling of the aspec folder and downloading the aspec template is handled correctly in `init`. Even when new-amux offers to set up the aspec folder, it creates the empty folder but does not download the actual template and place it in the directory.

# TUI

TUI-1: Pressing Ctrl-W ANY TIME a workflow is running should present the workflow control board. This is a UNIVERSAL RULE. If there is a workflow active in the current tab and the user presses Ctrl-W, show the board. no exceptions. Dismiss any other dialog and cancel the yolo timer if it's running. Ctrl-W must always be usable. When the user selects a valid option from the WCB, do that action! No exceptions! Any invalid option should be greyed out. Ctrl-Enter to end workflow should be greyed out unless it's the last step. If the user presses Esc to exit the WCB AND --yolo is true AND the agent container then becomes stuck, yolo countdown must be triggered again, even if the user previously dismissed the yolo countdown. `Stuck -> yolo -> Ctrl-W -> Opens WCB -> Esc -> Close WCB -> stuck -> yolo again` is a VALID FLOW and MUST WORK. `Ctrl-W while a container is running and action chosen` is VALID and MUST WORK. `Stuck -> yolo -> Esc -> Stuck again -> yolo again` is VALID and MUST WORK. `Stuck -> yolo -> Esc -> Ctrl-W -> Open WCB -> action chosen` MUST WORK.
